CONTRIBUTING.rst, before:

============
Contributing
============

Contributions are welcome!

Submitting Feedback
-------------------

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue at https://github.com/audreyr/complexity/issues.

If you are reporting a bug, please include:

* Your operating system name and version.
* Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in troubleshooting.
* Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.

If you are proposing a feature:

* Explain in detail how it would work.
* Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to implement.
* Remember that this is a volunteer-driven project, and that contributions
  are welcome :)

Getting Started
---------------

Here's how to set up `design` for local development.

1. Fork the `design` repo on GitHub.
2. Clone your fork locally::

    $ git clone git@github.com:your_name_here/complexity.git

3. Install your local copy into a virtualenv. Assuming you have virtualenvwrapper installed, this is how you set up your fork for local development::

    $ mkvirtualenv complexity
    $ cd complexity/
    $ python setup.py develop

4. Create a branch for local development::

    $ git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

Now you can make your changes locally.

5. When you're done making changes, check that your changes pass the tests and flake8::

    $ python -m unittest discover tests
    $ flake8 complexity tests

6. Commit your changes and push your branch to GitHub::

    $ git add .
    $ git commit -m "Your detailed description of your changes."
    $ git push origin name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

7. Submit a pull request through the GitHub website.

Pull Request Guidelines
-----------------------

Before you submit a pull request:

1. TODO

Tips
----

To run a particular test::
	
	$ python -m unittest tests.test_complexity.TestComplexity.test_make_sure_path_exists
	
To run a subset of tests::

	$ python -m unittest tests.test_complexity

Commit message:

Update contributor info with tox instructions and pull request guidelines.

CONTRIBUTING.rst, after:

============
Contributing
============

Contributions are welcome!

Submitting Feedback
-------------------

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue at https://github.com/audreyr/complexity/issues.

If you are reporting a bug, please include:

* Your operating system name and version.
* Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in troubleshooting.
* Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.

If you are proposing a feature:

* Explain in detail how it would work.
* Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to implement.
* Remember that this is a volunteer-driven project, and that contributions
  are welcome :)

Getting Started
---------------

Here's how to set up `design` for local development.

1. Fork the `design` repo on GitHub.
2. Clone your fork locally::

    $ git clone git@github.com:your_name_here/complexity.git

3. Install your local copy into a virtualenv. Assuming you have virtualenvwrapper installed, this is how you set up your fork for local development::

    $ mkvirtualenv complexity
    $ cd complexity/
    $ python setup.py develop

4. Create a branch for local development::

    $ git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

Now you can make your changes locally.

5. When you're done making changes, check that your changes pass flake8 and the
tests, including testing other Python versions with tox::

    $ flake8 complexity tests
	$ python setup.py test
    $ tox

To get flake8 and tox, just pip install them into your virtualenv. 

6. Commit your changes and push your branch to GitHub::

    $ git add .
    $ git commit -m "Your detailed description of your changes."
    $ git push origin name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

7. Submit a pull request through the GitHub website.

Pull Request Guidelines
-----------------------

Before you submit a pull request, check that it meets these guidelines:

1. The pull request should include tests.
2. If the pull request adds functionality, the docs should be updated. Put
   your new functionality into a function with a docstring, and add the
   feature to the list in README.rst.
3. The pull request should work for Python 2.6+ and 3.3+. Check 
   https://travis-ci.org/audreyr/complexity/pull_requests and make sure that
   the tests pass for all supported Python versions.

Tips
----

To run a particular test::
	
	$ python -m unittest tests.test_complexity.TestComplexity.test_make_sure_path_exists
	
To run a subset of tests::

	$ python -m unittest tests.test_complexity
