README.rst, before:

==========
Complexity
==========

.. image:: https://badge.fury.io/py/complexity.png
    :target: http://badge.fury.io/py/complexity
    
.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/audreyr/complexity.png?branch=master
        :target: https://travis-ci.org/audreyr/complexity

.. image:: https://pypip.in/d/complexity/badge.png
        :target: https://crate.io/packages/complexity?version=latest

A refreshingly simple static site generator, for those who like to work in HTML.

Documentation
-------------

The full documentation is at http://complexity.rtfd.org.

Quickstart
----------

Try it out::

    $ pip install complexity
    $ git clone git@github.com:audreyr/complexity-example.git my_proj
    $ cd my_proj
    $ complexity project/ www/

Once you've done that, open a web browser to http://127.0.0.1:9090 to see the newly generated Complexity static site.

Features
--------

* Works on Python 2.6, 2.7, and 3.3, and on PyPy.
* Takes simple HTML templates as input.
* Data from .json files turns into template context data.
* Template inheritance, filters, etc. (Brought to you by Jinja2.)
* Auto-expands .html file URLs into cleaner URLs (e.g. about.html gets expanded to /about/)
* Minifies .html files
* Can optionally be used as a library instead of from the command line. See
  `Using Complexity as a Library`_ for details.

.. _`Using Complexity as a Library`: http://complexity.readthedocs.org/en/latest/advanced_usage.html#using-complexity-as-a-library

Best Used With
--------------

Complexity is designed to be used with these packages:

* `Simplicity`_: Converts ReStructuredText into JSON, which Complexity can use
  as input.
* `A Lot of Effort`_: Deploys a static website (e.g. the output of Complexity)
  to Amazon S3.
* `Cookiecutter`_: Creates projects from project templates.

Sure, they could have all been built into Complexity, but decoupling them
seemed like a nice thing to do.

.. _`Simplicity`: https://github.com/pydanny/simplicity
.. _`A Lot of Effort`: https://github.com/audreyr/alotofeffort
.. _`Cookiecutter`: https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter

Community
---------

* Stuck? Don't know where to begin? File an issue and we'll help you.
* We love contributions. Read about `how to contribute`_.

.. _`how to contribute`: https://github.com/audreyr/complexity/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.rst

Commit message:

Added foldering watching and stop auto-expanding

README.rst, after:

==========
Complexity
==========

A refreshingly simple static site generator, for those who like to work in HTML.

Changes
-------

- New url argument that allows you to (--watch) watch a folder for changes, and any changes will fire off complexity
- New config variable to turn on/off the auto-expand system

Documentation
-------------

The full documentation is at http://complexity.rtfd.org.

Quickstart
----------

Try it out::

    $ pip install complexity
    $ git clone git@github.com:audreyr/complexity-example.git my_proj
    $ cd my_proj
    $ complexity project/ www/

Once you've done that, open a web browser to http://127.0.0.1:9090 to see the newly generated Complexity static site.

Features
--------

* Works on Python 2.6, 2.7, and 3.3, and on PyPy.
* Takes simple HTML templates as input.
* Data from .json files turns into template context data.
* Template inheritance, filters, etc. (Brought to you by Jinja2.)
* Auto-expands .html file URLs into cleaner URLs (e.g. about.html gets expanded to /about/)
* Minifies .html files
* Can optionally be used as a library instead of from the command line. See
  `Using Complexity as a Library`_ for details.

.. _`Using Complexity as a Library`: http://complexity.readthedocs.org/en/latest/advanced_usage.html#using-complexity-as-a-library

Best Used With
--------------

Complexity is designed to be used with these packages:

* `Simplicity`_: Converts ReStructuredText into JSON, which Complexity can use
  as input.
* `A Lot of Effort`_: Deploys a static website (e.g. the output of Complexity)
  to Amazon S3.
* `Cookiecutter`_: Creates projects from project templates.

Sure, they could have all been built into Complexity, but decoupling them
seemed like a nice thing to do.

.. _`Simplicity`: https://github.com/pydanny/simplicity
.. _`A Lot of Effort`: https://github.com/audreyr/alotofeffort
.. _`Cookiecutter`: https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter

Community
---------

* Stuck? Don't know where to begin? File an issue and we'll help you.
* We love contributions. Read about `how to contribute`_.

.. _`how to contribute`: https://github.com/audreyr/complexity/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.rst
